Proofread pass (#59)
LLNL/raja-suite-tutorial: Intro_Tutorial/lessons/09_raja_view/README.md

and C++. This means that the rightmost index will be stride-1, the index to
the left of the rightmost index will have stride equal to the extent of the
rightmost dimension, and so on.

Tying everything together, we construct a two-dimensional MxN View that uses
integer indices to access entries in an array of doubles as follows:

```
double* data = ...;
RAJA::View<double, RAJA::Layout<2, int>> view(data, M, N);
```
Note that the size of the data array must be at least MxN to avoid issues.

In the file `09_raja_view.cpp`, there are `TODO` comments asking you to create
two views, `A` and `R`. `A` will be a standard RAJA view and `R` will be 
created using the `RAJA::make_permuted_view` helper method that takes a
right-oriented layout, which is the same as `A`. Knowledge of 
`RAJA::make_permuted_view` is not required to complete this task. If you 
wish to learn more details, please see [RAJA Make Permuted View](https://raja.readthedocs.io/en/develop/sphinx/user_guide/feature/view.html#make-permuted-view).

There are additional `TODO` comments asking you to insert bounds of nested
for-loops, and fill in `A` and `R` with their respective index values.

> When you are ready, compiler and run the code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are ready, uncomment the COMPILE define on line 8; then compile and run the code:
```
